[frontent-api] GQL resolvers refactoring (#2563)
shopsys/shopsys: docs/frontend-api/introduction-to-frontend-api.md

        fields:
            categories:
                type: '[Category!]!'                    # Array of the categories will be returned.

>                 resolve: "@=query('categoriesQuery')"   # Define the query responsible for returning the data. See the 'Queries' section below, ex. CategoriesQuery::categoriesQuery.

Author: ok

        - 'QueryDecorator'   # No project-specific queries are defined.
```

### Queries
Queries are normal Symfony services.
They only have to extend `Shopsys\FrontendApiBundle\Model\Resolver\AbstractQuery` to be recognized as an available query for the GraphQL.

> This abstract class provides convenience for registering query functions by introducing a function naming convention for use in Query.types.yaml definitions. 
> The suffix `Query` in the name of the function is required for calling function as the alias in query decorator (`resolve: "@=query('categoriesQuery')"`). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This abstract class provides automatic registering of methods ending with `Query` e.g. `categoriesQuery` as aliases, so you can then use method name as `query` (`resolve: "@=query('categoriesQuery')"`) in Query.types.yaml definitions. 
```

Author: i thing my description is better and more descriptive.

Reviewer 2: hm, if I had to choose, I would probably vote for Tom's suggestion, but I can live with both versions :wink:

> For example, if you want to get all categories in the GQL query categories, the name of the function will be `categoriesQuery`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you want to get all categories in the GQL query categories, the name of the function should be `categoriesQuery`.
```

Author: I used 'have to' instead

```php
class CategoriesQuery extends AbstractQuery
{
    /**
     * @return array
     */
    public function categoriesQuery(): array
    {
        // implementation
        
        return [];
    }
}
```

### Mutations
Mutations are normal Symfony services.
They only have to extend `Shopsys\FrontendApiBundle\Model\Mutation\AbstractMutation` to be recognized as an available mutation for the GraphQL.

> This abstract class provides convenience for registering mutation functions by introducing a function naming convention for use in Mutation.types.yaml definitions.
> The suffix `Mutation` in the name of the function is required for calling function as the alias in query decorator (`resolve: "@=mutation('createOrderMutation', args, validator)"`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This abstract class provides automatic registering of methods ending with `Mutation` e.g. `createOrderMutation ` as aliases, so you can then use method name as `mutation` (`resolve: "@=mutation('createOrderMutation', args, validator)"`) in Mutation.types.yaml definitions. 
```

Author: i thing my description is better and more descriptive.

For example, if you want to create order by the GQL mutation, the name of the function will be `createOrderMutation`.

```php
class CreateOrderMutation extends AbstractMutation
{
    /**
     * @param \Overblog\GraphQLBundle\Definition\Argument $argument
     * @param \Overblog\GraphQLBundle\Validator\InputValidator $validator
     * @return \Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Model\Order\Order
     */
    public function createOrderMutation(Argument $argument, InputValidator $validator): Order
    {
        // implementation

        return $order;
    }
}
```

> You can override mutations like any other Symfony service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can override both queries and mutations like any other Symfony service.
```

Author: ok
